Okay, let's go. To make this environment
nice, we have to use the last test
version of Android engine 5.6. Okay,
first of all, open the
engine. Okay, select gamers third
person. This one
remot. Okay, first you need to create
new level. Go to file, new level. Choose
a basic
level. One is to select this one and
press delete on your keyboard to delete
this landscape.
Okay. After that, we have to create a
landscape. Okay. Hit create.
return here to the selection mode and go
here to the content drawer and we want
to import some assets from the fab
marketplace. Okay, let's download some
rocks. Search for
cliff. Now go to more filters price. Set
price for free.
Okay. And download some assets from
this. Okay. First you need to download
this asset. Select this one. Add to my
project
file. Second one. Add to my
project. Okay. Let's import some rock
cliffs material.
Add to
project this one. Car
cliff. Okay. Massive standard cliff.
And this
one. I can add
this to my project.
Okay. And let's choose a final
thing. Now search graph grass.
And I should use some grass for the
polish. Okay, this
one medium
quality. This
one for the folders. Another thing
is let's go here. Sunflowers. It's
good. Okay. Can use another grass
materials for now. It's
done. Okay. After doing
this, we have to download some trees
from the
spruce. I already had
a
Okay, let's search for Black
Elder. Okay, this
one European black
elder. This looks good. Or you can
download
it some nice tree spruce from this one
visitation. Let's go down right here. I
already download this one.
Okay. Can search for this template close
forest. Add to my
project. The
version and add it to the project.
Okay. Uh I think we are done from
importing all of those file. Let's keep
working. Okay. Now let's go here to the
file and see all rename the
levels
tutorial. Now return here to the
landscape. The speed camera. Okay. 8 is
good.
And let's make some deformation in the
landscape.
Okay. Now return here to selection
mode and go to the
tab rock clips.
this
one. Okay. And
let's add the material.
Let's do it. It's not
good.
Rotate it.
Press alt. Make it like
this. Now let's make a
reference. I mean to do that we have to
use the
Go to the content here. Third person
looks.
[Music]
Okay, this is my reference.
Now let's go here and choose a
camera
actor down. Let's go here to the sign
camera.
Let's adjust the focal length.
Okay, let's go
here.
0.1. Let's
see. Okay,
return the perspective.
and go here to the content and go to
search right here. Start
content
material and select our landscape.
Select this material
and okay want to choose a
director. Okay. After doing
that we have to add some
for let's add some
trees there.
and go here to the full
list. First of all, we have to make this
one. Okay, we have problem right here.
All those trees are there. Okay. To fix
this problem, we have to go to
density, change the variable like
this. And let's see it works or
not.
Now delete this
tree
and go here to the
folder. Select this tree.
Make
this at
800 for the painting. Then make like
this.
Okay, let's see the problem is fix it or
not. Yes, it's fix
it. Okay.
Okay, fine. Now we have a problem of
this size. It's just this size. It's
very small. I want like a mountain.
Okay, now let's add another twins with
the
polish and deselect this
one. Okay,
let's for example
those one by one.
This is a
beginner.
Okay. This one in this
place. Another one in this
place. Okay.
After doing this, we have to add some
grass right
here. Let's go ahead the
border. Let's add grass.
Select all of
those other than this
place. Now let's go up like
this. Okay. All of those
places take time sometimes to texturize
all of
them.
Okay, let's turn to selection mode and
let's
see what's going on
here. Let's go here.
The play start right here.